(2) IIIT BANGALORE
COURSES OFFERED: 
1.	Water resources and ocean engineering
2.	Chemical engineering
3.	Civil engineering
4.	Computer science engineering
5.	Electrical and electronic engineering
6.	Electronics and communication engineering
7.	Information technology
8.	Mathematical and computational sciences
9.	Mechanical engineering
10.	Metallurgical and materials engineering
11.	Mining engineering

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS:


RATINGS:
OVERALL RATING: 8.8
a.	Academic: 9.1/10
b.	Accommodation: 7.5/10
c.	Faculty: 8.6/10
d.	Infrastructure: 8.6/10
e.	Placement: 9.1/10
f.	Social life: 9/10

PEOPLES REVIEW:
'Placements are very good. The average salary package offered was around 17.5 LPA and minimum salary package offered around 10 LPA for IMTECH. Companies like Cisco, IBM, etc., visit the campus. All students, except those who chose research, got placed. Many students went for further studies in the world's top universities like Columbia University.'

'The infrastructure of the labs and classrooms are excellent. Food served in the mess is average. Rooms available in the hostel for girls' are spacious enough, while boys' rooms might be congested in case of triple sharing. Wi-Fi and sports facilities provided by the college is great. There is a basketball court, football court, tennis and badminton court available on the campus.'

'Teachers are highly-qualified, very helpful, and friendly. They are PhD holders from the world's top universities. The student to teacher interaction is great. The course curriculum is set in such a way, which meet industry requirements. The course is updated continuously.'

'IIIT-B is known for its best faculty and course curriculum. Professors are well qualified as well as very much known in their field. They are very supportive and helpful. Each faculty is independent to decide the syllabus and course structure for a subject they want to teach.'

LOCATION: 
26/C, Hosur Rd, Electronics City Phase 1, Electronic City, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560100

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
1.	The Robotics Club. The vision of Enigma is to promote robotics related activities at IIITB. ...
2.	Chhayachitra. Chhayachitra is IIIT Bangalore's official photography club and it started in 2015. ...
3.	8 bit. 8Bit is the official magazine of IIIT Bangalore. ...
4.	Aikyam. ...
5.	Aksh (Literature Club) ...
6.	Debate Club. ...
7.	Movies Club. ...
8.	Art Club.
9.	Music club
10.	Dance club
